hi everybody and welcome back to cook
and share we were in the supermarket the
other day in the seafood aisle and we
came across a really good deal on some
fresh squid and we kind of thought hmmm
wonder what we can do with this so we
came back and put together a fried
calamari with a mayonnaise lemon dipping
sauce which turned out to be a really
delicious appetizer so let's get started
so what I've got here is some squid that
I've cleaned by removing a tube in the
membrane and I'm going to go ahead and
slice it into rings also remember not to
throw out the tentacles because you can
use them as well
now I'm going to begin making the
coating by adding the flour to a
container you can also use the ziplock
bag if you length followed by the salt I
like a little bit of a zip to mine so
I'm going to go ahead and add some
cayenne pepper if you don't like this
you can simply leave it out some ground
black pepper and I'm just going to mix
this up until everything is nicely
combined then we're going to add the
squid in put a lid on and give it a good
shake until all the pieces are fully
coated next what I'm going to do is
remove any excess flour by placing the
squid into a sifter or colander and
we're going to set it aside on a plate
now what I have here is some vegetable
oil that I've preheated so what we're
going to do is give it a task by
dropping some flour in and if it sizzles
and bubbles you'll know it's ready then
we're going to place the calamari in and
fry it and batches oh I'd save for about
a couple of minutes after about two
minutes and the calamari is nicely
golden brown we're going to remove it
and set it aside on a platter lined with
a paper towel
and we're going to repeat this process
for the remaining batches of calamari
this is the sauce that I like to partner
my calamari with so I'm going to begin
by crushing some garlic into the
mayonnaise followed by some freshly
squeezed lemon juice now I'm just going
to give this a mix until everything is
nicely combined now this seems simple
but believe me it's really good and
there you have it our delicious calamari
with lemon mayonnaise plate it up with
some lemon wedges on the side for more
details on this recipe visit our website
and click to subscribe for more awesome
recipes thanks for watching and see you
next time
you